[MRG] polish text (#10)
dib-lab/2020-workflows-paper: content/03.introduction.md

Since the latest paper in 2017 [@doi:10.1371/journal.pcbi.1005510],  key advancements in workflow scripting, software management, and tools that handle biological data at scale have vastly increased the power of analysis management.
In particular, the emergence of bioinformatics-focused workflow systems has empowered biologists to analyze biological data at scale.

Workflow systems contain powerful infrastructure for task and tool management and can self-monitor progress, resource usage, and dependencies.
When paired with software management, fully-contained workflows are scaleable, robust to software updates, and executable across platforms.

> These workflow systems have quickly become the workhorses of modern bioinformatics, enabling researchers to build workflows that execute dozens of analysis tools in a systematic manner across all experimental samples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These workflow systems have quickly become the workhorses of modern bioinformatics, empowering researchers to execute dozens of analysis tools in a systematic manner across all experimental samples.
```

In concert, sharing of data analysis lessons and workflows has created a critical mass of analysis code now openly available for research and training, including that done by nonprofit organizations such as the Carpentries [@doi:10.2218/ijdc.v10i1.351].

> In our experiences with both research and training, workflow systems have greatly reduced the barrier to entry for data analysis at scale and opened the door to end-to-end reproducible analyses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In our experiences with both research and training, workflow systems have greatly reduced the barrier to entry for data analysis at scale and opened the door to end-to-end reproducibility.
```
